W-14204610 builder 6.4.8 cv (#266)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.4/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-network-rest-call.adoc

+
The Xpath expression to the property of the response object. For example, `/root/access_token/text()`.

* *Timing* 

** *Timeout*
+

> The time in seconds the activity waits. Settings this value to `0` forces the activity to wait indeterminately. 

Reviewer: **issue:** 0 will always lead to an execution error. There is no "indeterminate" setting.

> The time in seconds the activity waits. Settings this value to `0` forces the activity to wait indeterminately. 

Author: ```suggestion
The time in seconds the activity waits.

```

+
Note that you must disable *Use general timeout* for the custom timeout to work. 

** *Use general timeout*
+

> Select this option to use the default timeout: `30` seconds.  

Reviewer: **issue:** Using the general timeout will use the general timeout defined in the project settings, which is 45s by default and can be customized on a per-workflow basis.

+
The Xpath expression to the property of the response object. For example, `/root/access_token/text()`.

* *Timing* 

** *Timeout*
+
The time in seconds the activity waits.

+
Note that you must disable *Use general timeout* for the custom timeout to work. 

** *Use general timeout*
+

> Select this option to use the default timeout: `30` seconds.  

Author: ```suggestion
Select this option to use the timeout value configured in the project settings. By default, it is `45` seconds.  

```
